welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're continuing on with
the well-regarded classic carnival
souls if the cancellation of halloween
has you residing somewhere between life
and death
subscribe to the channel for some spooky
fun let's get to it
we open on a classic teen drag race
complete with multiple tight turns
like a drag race they top out at nearly
miles per hour resulting in an
instantaneous catastrophic malfunction
the silty water proves reluctant to
reveal its secrets as the police try but
fail to fish out the ladies before long
the local boys club shows up and
spies mary the sole survivor climbing to
dry land after her three-hour swim
she's bundled up and taken into town the
others are never found
soon enough she's back to cranking on
that organ making work unbearable for
those around her
with her final practice now behind her
she's off to pursue a career in
organism and her mentor wishes her luck
thank you
but i'm never coming back oh it's like
that she hits the road and drives
hallucinates drives and hallucinates
herself clean off the road she gets back
on and stops at the next station
the attendant lets her know that
building out yonder is an old abandoned
pavilion where they used to have
carnivals and such
her boarding house is just up the road
she arrives shortly and makes the
acquaintance of ms thomas
her house mother and continues to be
haunted the next day she becomes
familiar with her new work environment
immediately hopping on that organ much
to the minister's delight after a bit of
playing she goes for some fresh air
their errand takes them past the
pavilion where she requests they go
random nodding for some spooky fun but
the minister respects the rule of law so
they head out instead
later on there's a knock at mary's door
it's old john linden her neighbor
come to throw her a bone and pressure
her into eating with him she however
proves to be immune to peer pressure
after he leaves she checks the hall and
has her most corporeal hallucination yet
and when she questions miss thomas we
get confirmation that no one was
actually there
mary then suffers through a sleepless
night as the pavilion calls out to her
the next morning johnny has a much more
cordial visit bringing mary some coffee
of course he pulls the old lindy delight
offering to get her day drunk to make
his presence more bearable
as the ladies prefer she declines but
seems to like him a little for some
reason she then goes to a dress fitting
shows a little elbow and then things go
wavy for us when she emerges
mary seems to be invisible to the
broader world and everything is
oppressively silent
the world comes back to life just in
time to make the nearby men believe her
to be hysterical
luckily she is swooned right into the
arms of a doctor who's more than willing
to help he attributes this all to her
imaginative capacity believing it to be
a manifestation of guilt that comes from
not desiring to participate in normal
social activities
her plan strong-willed as she is is to
force this nonsense out of her brain
possibly by visiting the pavilion to
kill the fear it generates
she goes immediately to partake in an
urban exploration adventure and has a
mostly uneventful visit despite all the
bodies around
back home linden expresses his
desperation for company she acknowledges
that she tends to run hot or cold as is
her prerogative but agrees some
companionship would be nice and plans to
meet him after her shift when she gets
to work she goes into a fugue state
marveling as her hands dance across the
keys as if by their own accord
creating a somber and ethereal melody of
the dead the song is deemed profane by
the minister
he states the church can't afford
another soulless heathen as their
organist and demands her resignation
but jesus still loves you this puts her
back in a foul mood for her date and
johnny becomes annoyed that the woman he
badgered into hanging with him
doesn't also behave in the way he
prefers he gets his act together and
manages to guilt her into liking him
a little she attempts to repair his
fragile ego but his preference
is that you show it and again the
desperation creeps in this
mixed with the stench of his sour
alcohol stained breath
burning her nostrils makes his presence
unbearable she's then touched by another
vision and at the first sign of trouble
old johnny gives up and bolts
surprising no one the doctor comes
calling the next morning and breaks
hipaa rules by sharing his diagnosis
with ms thomas
that girl's strange and no one wants her
around but that's okay because she's
planning on leaving
unfortunately her transmission forces
her into a nearby shop
no transmissions are easy while waiting
she finds herself invisible again
wandering the downtown shopping district
she attempts to get away but finds
escape impossible wherever she goes
it eventually passes and she visits the
doctor who suggests that she doesn't
belong in the world
except it's not him and she wakes up
back in her car she peels out of there
and drives to the pavilion
where the souls emerge from the murky
depths and engage in some sort of a
carnival seeing how fun it is she
screams and runs off
the carnies give chase and eventually
catch her on the beach where we
transition to an investigator finding
evidence of the pursuit leading to where
she apparently disappeared
while back at the river they finally
find and remove the car
revealing it to contain all the bodies
and we carry on this one is an actual
classic and even has a criterion
collection release
you should check it out if you get a
chance if you enjoyed the video i'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing thanks for watching